no that's because this place is packed
the FMX and it's time for Tommy the
Tomcats riding for Red Bull talk about
smooth smooth black bata like they say
in Philly
Tommy cars is the king of smooth his
execution is so good I think sometimes
it hurts him because he comes off so
good tight and so technical Tommy has
got a lot of medals he's got a gold in
the step-up and he's got a silver I
think two silvers he's got one from
summer and one from winter but he needs
a goal he needs a goal for freestyle
summer Tommy Cara's gonna get it started
with a super kicker getting all the way
turned around suicide can looking back
in 1999 practicing for the X Games
Tommy viciously snapped his wrist it was
a serious serious crash but he is back
with a vengeance
he's been winning a lot of money and
he's coming out right here right now and
stepping it up riding that little triple
like Honda built by FMF Tommy looks very
smooth also riding for alpine stars and
Smith so the table gets got the support
you've got the skills
in 2001 he looks pretty comfy on the
bike and one of the biggest tricks I've
seen over that transfer line Harry Lamas
knows what metals are all about he has
medals in all 3mx competitions at all of
X comps this guy's here he has one thing
on his mind and that is gol G we missed
a lot of the season with a broken
collarbone he actually did it in a
step-up event mapped and cleanly and
eBooks been a tough time for him on the
road back because log feels been dogging
it but as you can see the top chat is
not scared one bit
and the militia here for Tommy do the
double grab holds hands back onto the
seat the holds the airlocks almost
grabbed his uni air filter you almost
pull it out there one-handed this go can
for flowers so some smooth tricks some
big lines and a very solid run for Tommy
getting off the ramp is key to a smooth
move the cap back in the air so extended
and then the militia air the double grab
looking like a double heart attack
almost she's got it so far out so
stretched out great execution that's
what we're here at Act little guy with a
big bag of tricks he moves into second
place with a 92 Tommy the Tomcat cloud
destroy the boy with the biggest bag of
originals friends kids just like to have
fun and nobody likes that more fun than
the 17 year old phenom travis pastrana
I've had a great time watching this kid
grow up on the Freestyle course and it
looks like well he's the only guy riding
to 125 so he started time in his ramen
Travis Pastrana's dad is cruising around
we went over and asked him hey has he
got anything else asleep what's going on
what's he got he just looked at us and
said the bike totally sideways nobody
can see grab okay
creativity hues it's different I think
he had him repeats of it together
he's got a goal to prove that he can do
the start of a run like that back and
out
and Cameron can you say use a book he
lived the constant K min he's doing
dressed first nobody's doing you hear
that 125
screamin this kids just out here to blow
it up huge for the fans of the ego they
rides out one morning fine
you changed on hand all the time off the
ride for no fear andouille is added to
the puma's demon well Travis is having
as much fun rides as we are watching him
one thing you know club travis pastrana
not only is he competing in the 125
outdoor national
series but he has never ever been
defeated that me
a freestyle pump and this is the X Games
Oh something way Superman started out
no-footed knack style we see variations
at this rough enough
tell me where you start with travis
pastrana every jump is a highlight
nicely done
no put it back Indian the cat nap
sideways but a great Indian air to throw
with it so variations all over the place
big extension it's always these foot two
the crowd loves travis Pastrana and
Travis was trying to loveless go up
first place with a 96 point 33 Eric
Apple talked to the kid oh my golden boy
come and I are your first preliminary
run 96 first place right off the bat
Travis everyone out here is gunning for
you got a big target on your back what
are you gonna do defend these guys off
for the rest of the competition here and
this is just where I wanted to be to
start out but I was amazed I have to say
about how many people are doing so huge
out there and it's just unbelievable two
weeks before the this event right here
and I was gone there's no way I'm even
gonna be able to come close but with the
help of so my friends ka-bar sure my mom
coaching me I was able to call some good
tricks hopefully we'll hold them off for
the main good job Travis Tritt
we have seen a lot of madness in the
beginners competition and the heat is
only gonna go up
don't forget the second run of the
prelims tomorrow on ABC 1 Eastern and 3
Pacific these ones ended sports up